LIGHT Dataset                             

During these guided imagery hypnotherapy sessions,   
a hypnotherapist integrates storytelling and deep    
visualizations techniques to encourage personal      
and wellbeing. This method allows individuals to     
explore and modify their subconscious narratives, in 
order to foster changes that resonate through their  
lives. This differs from traditional hypnotherapy    
by tapping into eudaemonic aspects of well-being,    
emphasizing the pursuit of meaning and self          
realization.                                         

2 weeks before the first session, they will come to  
the lab to record baseline resting EEG (session 0).  
With the exception of sessions 1, 4, and 8, all LIGHT
sessions were performed virtually. For sessions 1,   
4, and 8, EEG and ECG data was collected.            
The first phase of each session was guided relaxation
or induction followed by prompts to visualize a      
perfect place of comfort and safely in ones creative 
imagination. Next, they were prompted to visualize   
a path or a set of stairs, and asked to walk down    
that path or stairway for ten steps, counting down   
from 10 to 1 outloud. They were guided to visualize  
and describe a chair or seat, followed by a crown.   
After taking a seat in their imagined chair and      
putting on the crown, they were encouraged to pause  
and observe the world they had conjured. Following   
this brief period of reflection, awareness was drawn 
to a light or color that emerged from their creative 
mind. They identified the color of the light and     
were instructed to imagine that light entering and   
traveling through their body, filling up each cell   
as it passed through. The participant was instructed 
to leave a mental bookmark in this place so that     
they could come back to it at any time, before       
removing and storing their crown. At the end of the  
LIGHT sessions, the participant was asked to rise    
from their imagined chair or throne and count their  
way up from one to ten, with the session ending as   
the participant returned to an awake and alert state 
at the end of the ten count.

Baseline recordings were 5 minute of length.         
Hypnotherapy recordings are variable in length with  
multiple events indicating a hypnotherapist phase    
transitions.                                         